Update changelog.md (#39)
NEAR-DevHub/treasury-docs: docs/changelog.md

**What's New ✨**

> - Enhanced Asset Exchange display:

Reviewer: The new feature here would be:

- Asset Exchange for NEAR Intents leveraging the OneClick API

This includes showing info about USD values, network info etc.

Author: updated

>   - USD values, network info, and NEAR Intents integration.

Author: ```suggestion
- Asset Exchange for NEAR Intents leveraging the OneClick API:
  - Shows info about USD values, network info, and more.
```
